Updating configuration docs in 3.4 op-guide (#822)
etcd-io/website: content/en/docs/v3.4/op-guide/configuration.md

+ default: false
+ env variable: ETCD_ENABLE_V2

### --next-cluster-version-compatible

> + Enable 3.4 to be compatible with next version 3.5, to allow 3.4 server to join 3.5 cluster and start on 3.5 schema.

Reviewer: Suggest we mention downgrade as this is the main reason why this flag would be used.

```suggestion
+ Enable a 3.4 server to be compatible with version 3.5, allowing the 3.4 server to join a 3.5 cluster and start on 3.5 schema for cluster downgrade purposes.
```

Author: Sounds good!

Reviewer: Thanks! - Would you mind please squashing commits?
